Add batch file for easy build (#2275)
flybywiresim/a32nx: .github/CHANGELOG.md

1. [ECAM] Add icing-related ECAM warnings and memos - @beheh (Benedict Etzel)
1. [CDU] Fix CLR position in scratchpad - @beheh (Benedict Etzel)
1. [General] Added INIT BARO option, INHG/HPA/AUTO - @theomessin (Theodore Messinezis)

> 1. [BAT] Add Batchfile for easy development and build - @Kimbyeongjang (김병장#7165)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [BAT] Add batch file to automate download and building A32NX from source for non-experienced users - @Kimbyeongjang (김병장#7165)
```
